hang in there are you the only officer
left in the building who are you Claire
Claire Redfield I'm looking for my
brother Chris we lost contact with him
over 10 days ago Chris Jill Barry every
last Stars team member has disappeared
we should have listened to them what
happened about two months ago there was
this incident involving these
zombie-like creatures in a mansion
located in the outskirts of this city
Chris and the other stars members
discovered that umbrella was behind
everything at the risk of their own
lives but no one believed them oh are
you okay don't worry about me just
rescue the survivors in the other rooms
here take this key card you should be
able to unlock the doors in the hall
with this now go but just go okay just
hang in there I'll be back soon
No
you